the children go to your home and neo the
brigadier hello everyone we get
found again for a video
tutorial on installing a mode
on minecraft 1.6.2 so this so
this second video rather and writes a
close to that of eurydice mini map
simply because because a
moderator asked me on the server
to kraft and on which I am
currently and have trouble rummaging around
a little bit but I found
I found his happiness and I will
to share so then I you
would come to download the water
young people in the description of the video
so for now we're going to do like
so usually how to know how
start run or centered percent
appdata percentage lends you hockey
is there we find the like
usually our minecraft corner that we
let's open up then go down on the
version folder and so there is
the minimum rest that you could see
in the oxidizing video and still 6.2
and we will start again substantially
the same manipulation ie copy the
folder I did with understand I know
am a little faster and I stick it
directly then this one we will be able
the renamed
we mean to water like these
would then ask inside and
you will rename both files
the two extensions in point 6.2 and we
will give back water we will do more
simple
that's what really helps
different this year several modes
you even one behind the other
the cases we have good of
the rest the tablecloths
you will open the 1.6 water point
is up and just as before so you
go add water next to the
version you close you register
then you will go into this one
you die the jars Point
of oil and I lost my lead
you're going so you're going to die on
point bar we fell on
So here you there as usual
know the second nave medal and
you delete it so this is at peace
you then find your your
minced or tied up of time yes so there
there are five there are five French fishermen
5 are not put in the same place
no you are going to take the four the
four shots from the bottom the points of
class
you will copy and paste them
directly where you deleted the
meta in you can close it and the
shader him you're going to transpose it here
directly in the point folder
minecraft and here we go to see them all
right away what does that then by
against break destruction so I saw
I also read that it took a lot
more resources than some others
modes so I hope you'll have a
good processor and a lot of ram for
to make all that happen
we will be able to see what it looks like
and you see the daub textures it's
magnificent
so we could this blue this blue bad
it's super nice and then more
allow us to see to see through
we'll go and say a little bit
further
hop
look good there there was there was
the class nice enough it's convenient
for it looks a lot more like a2
julien at the texture level on the on the
leaked and had happened a little bit through
the flock what does it actually give a
little of him good and so when we have them
Cancellations
peter i do not know waves yes
our team bathing there reading
even extremely well through but
it gives if we dive a little con plonge
it's still a little ugly
but otherwise the level on the outside is
it's great and nab
we called to rowing will leave us there
above for this little video
I love this little buggy up the little
novelty we are in the process of doing
a little slavery we bob bob all the
family or the wii it's a little forward
little i will not show you my request
chief a little black I have in hand we have
intruder so this character there blog
quite often I am misnamed because
that the sound of lendman is not
necessarily what they wanted
to hear that they're building you for
the moment on both sides of your past
on this nice to later for a video
Ali Baba